Complete revamp of the docs (#495)
huggingface/accelerate: docs/source/concept_guides/gradient_synchronization.mdx

can cause a significant slowdown since all the processes need to communicate with them more times than needed. How 
can you avoid this overhead?

## Solving the slowdown problem

Since you are skipping these batches, their gradients do not need to be synchronized until the point where `.backward()` is actually called. 
PyTorch cannot automagically tell when you need to do this, but they do provide a tool to help through the [`no_sync`](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/generated/torch.nn.parallel.DistributedDataParallel.html#torch.nn.parallel.DistributedDataParallel.no_sync) context manager
that is added to your model after converting it to DDP.

Under this context manager, PyTorch will skip synchronizing the gradients when `.backward()` is called, and the first call to `.backward()` outside this 
context manager will trigger the synchronization. See an example below:
```python
ddp_model, dataloader = accelerator.prepare(model, dataloader)

for index, batch in enumerate(dataloader):
    input, target = batch
    # Trigger gradient synchronization on the last batch
    if index != (len(dataloader) - 1):
        with ddp_model.no_sync():
            # Gradients only accumulate

>             ddp_model(input).backward()

Reviewer: shouldn't you use the target to get a loss?
```suggestion
            ddp_model(input, target).backward()
```

Author: I skipped over calculating the loss in this case, to simply show calling `.backward()`. but I'll include a loss calculation to make it a bit more clear

    else:
        # Gradients finally sync

>         ddp_model(input).backward()

Reviewer: same as above
```suggestion
        ddp_model(input, target).backward()
```

```

In 🤗 Accelerate to make this an API that can be called no matter the training device (though it may not do anything if you are not in a distributed system!),
`ddp_model.no_sync` gets replaced with [`Accelerator.no_sync`] and operates the same way:

```diff
  ddp_model, dataloader = accelerator.prepare(model, dataloader)

  for index, batch in enumerate(dataloader):
      input, target = batch
      # Trigger gradient synchronization on the last batch
      if index != (len(dataloader)-1):
-         with ddp_model.no_sync():
+         with accelerator.no_sync(model):
              # Gradients only accumulate

>               ddp_model(input).backward()

Reviewer: same as above

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# Gradient Synchronization

> ## Background into PyTorch distributed

Reviewer 2: I think we can probably remove this header.

PyTorch's distributed module operates by communicating back and forth between all of the GPUs in your system.
This communication takes time, and ensuring all processes know the states of each other happens at particular triggerpoints
when using the `ddp` module. 

These triggerpoints are added to the PyTorch model, specifically their `forward()` and `backward()` methods. 
This happens when the model is wrapped with `DistributedDataParallel`:
```python
import torch.nn as nn
from torch.nn.parallel import DistributedDataParallel

model = nn.Linear(10, 10)
ddp_model = DistributedDataParallel(model)
```
In 🤗 Accelerate this conversion happens automatically when calling [`Accelerator.prepare`] and passing in your model.

```diff
+from accelerate import Accelerator
+accelerator = Accelerator()
import torch.nn as nn
-from torch.nn.parallel import DistributedDataParallel

model = nn.Linear(10,10)
+model = accelerator.prepare(model)
```

## The slowdown in gradient accumulation

You now understand that PyTorch adds hooks to the `forward` and `backward` method of your PyTorch model when 

> training in a distributed setup. But how does this automatically cause a risk of slowing down your code?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
training in a distributed setup. But how does this risk slowing down your code?
```

In DDP (distributed data parallel), the specific order in which processes are performed and ran are expected
at specific points and these must also occur at roughly the same time before moving on.

> The most direct example is when you update all of the parameters in a model through `.backward()`, all instances of the model

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The most direct example is when you update all of the parameters in a model through `.backward()`. All instances of the model
```

> need to have updated their gradients collated and updated before moving onto the next batch of data. But when performing 

Reviewer 2: This was a little hard to follow, is this what you meant?

```suggestion
need to have updated their gradients, collated, and updated again before moving onto the next batch of data. But when performing 
```

> gradient accumulation, you accumulate `n` losses and skipping `.backward()` until `n` batches has been reached. This 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
gradient accumulation, you accumulate `n` losses and skip `.backward()` until `n` batches have been reached. This 
```

> can cause a significant slowdown since all the processes need to communicate with them more times than needed. But how 

Reviewer 2: Is `them` referring to the batches of data?

```suggestion
can cause a significant slowdown since all the processes need to communicate with them more times than needed. How 
```
